This is the parent folder for everything needed to plan and reproduce this
brain imaging project. 


Intentions for folder contents
-------------------------------

- This provides project staff with central access to planning and design
files.

- An appropriately trained investigator should be able to independently
reproduce 100% of this project's methods using only the contents of this
folder.

- An appropriately trained investigator should be able to independently
reproduce 100% of this project's findings (i.e., parent folders "derivedData"
and "deliverables") using only the contents of this folder and the collected
data (parent folder "collectedData").



SENSITIVE DATA
---------------
No sensitive data should be stored here.



BACKUPS AND REVISION CONTROL
-----------------------------
The intentions for this folder make it an excellent candidate for storage in a
public revision control system such as github:

- IRREPLACABILITY:
The files are critical to the project, and therefore require reliable, distributed backup

- FILE SIZE:
The files require relatively little storage space and transport bandwidth,
placing negligable demand on free/shared backup systems.

- SENSITIVITY:
The files do not contain sensitive data, and are therefore safe for public repository.

- MUTABILITY:
All of the files in this folder are subject to change, possibly by diverse
project staff, and therefore require some form of revision tracking to support
Good Record Keeping. 




For more information:
- see worksheet named "overview" in my template for MRI data diary (a google docs spreadsheet): http://goo.gl/DfUVb
- see the public github repository containing the template for this project: https://github.com/stowler/helloFMRI
